Ladies and gentlemen of whatever borough this is, welcome to Harmontown, which is now
in session.
Please welcome Spencer Crittenden to the stage.
What up?
Oh, fuck.
You know, that's such a good applause, I'm only gonna betray that confidence in me.
See that exact, that laugh is exactly what I'm talking about, get ready for that the
whole night.
And the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you New York.
I love you so much the second time.
The first show was kind of a trial run.
If you were at that show, and you're also at this one, it's just twice as expensive
for like the real show.
If you were at that show and you're not at this one, like, I'm not saying anything that
makes us legally accountable to you.
You can't get a refund.
I'm saying legally it was a good show last night, like I'm leaving a paper trail that
I considered that a good show worth $25 plus a $10 seating fee, but I'm saying to you people,
you're in for a much better show.
Oh, big time.
We got guests.
Donald Trump is here everybody.
Donald Trump is here.
We're also tired.
We're also raw.
We're also sad.
I speak, one of the silver linings of the things that I talked about already is like
the world.
We're also fucking scared that actually normal Republicans are talking to like Democrats
and stuff and saying like, look, all I ever wanted was to make money.
There's some honesty getting squeezed out of this zit of an election.
And I don't know what to tell you kids because I guess actually we're talking to people.
Most of the people that we're talking to will already have voted or not voted and the election
is over.
Right, especially once it's dropped.
Because the podcast is on Wednesday.
So I'm only talking to a room full of people before the election.
Everyone else is like, whatever you're talking about doesn't matter anymore.
And we're only 300 people, so we don't matter.
And we're in a certain state, in a certain jurisdiction, and nothing matters.
Like, kids.
I would say if you live in a swing state, I'm not talking to anyone in a swing state.
It's too late for me to tell anything.
If you live in a swing state, either good job or what the fuck.
Yeah, it's all over already.
We're actually living in a time bubble.
We're living in the future because nothing we do matters.
Nothing we do will change the election, which hasn't happened yet.
But as far as we're concerned, it already happened.
That's kind of weird.
We live in the future right now.
So let's open the imaginary door in one of two scenarios.
In one scenario, in a predictable election, we now have the first woman president and
it's a Democrat.
And we've therefore aggravated a frothy, frothy, like, white nationalist population
who are not, that's their dream result, they're going to function a lot better if there's
a race-trader lady in the White House and their only job is complaining.
That's going to be their gas rent.
They love that.
They're not dreaming of Capitol Hill.
They're not dreaming of that.
If you're right now a white nationalist, you're probably, I don't know how to chart your weekly
income, but it's got to be spiking right now.
In the form of combat boot fees, I don't know how they make their money, but you know they're
making three times as much right now as they ever have.
And that would end if you did elect Hitler, because then he'd be like, so I love being
president and then they'd be like, what's up with that Hitler stuff, come on, let's
do that Hitler stuff.
He'd be like, I can't do it.
It's going to be huge when I do it.
And they're going to be like, this guy's a bad Hitler.
He's bad at being Hitler.
And he's going to be like, yeah, I'm bad at everything.
That's always been the fucking bit, you mooks.
I'm the fucking son of a slumlord.
It's hilarious that I'm standing here and you can't change that.
I fucking win.
I win when I lose.
I win when I win.
I have hair.
I don't have hair.
I'm white, but I'm orange.
I fucking like, we're going to remember him as a hero 40 years from now when we're like
rowing space boats away from a planet that just burnt to a cinder whether anyone was
president or not.
Just fucking burnt up because of a fucking like fireball from the sun or something.
Oh fuck.
Can that happen?
Does the sun shoot fireballs?
I'm asking you.
Oh yeah.
That can happen.
Fireballs.
It's called a solar flare ball.
Event.
Wait.
Well.
You.
Sorry.
Spencer has been hanging out more than he has hung out.
And you had a conversation at some point in a van or something.
It was in a white van.
It wasn't.
You said.
You're on the way to an undisclosed location.
There's a phrase, sexual innuendo.
Yes.
Are you a little for the folks at home?
What is sexual innuendo?
Sexual innuendo is when you're not saying penis, but you mean penis.
Like I'd like to handle that gear shift or something.
Right.
See if I say like, I'm going to.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to wax the flagpole if you know what I mean.
Right.
And then the person says, I do know what you mean.
You mean you're going to go stroke your.
Jerk it.
And that was innuendo.
And then if you say no, that was innuendo.
That's meta innuendo.
And you.
But it's also a pun, right?
It's a.
It's mostly a pun.
It's fan service is what it is.
It'll, it'll, it'll, it'll, it'll not win an Emmy, but it'll keep you, it'll keep
you squeaking by.
You'll be, you'll be flesh and signature appointments.
You'll be like, oh man, I never mind.
I can't.
Yeah, I can't talk about that.
Okay.
Don't, don't say that.
Don't say, don't say stuff.
You can't talk about that.
That's, that's horrible.
That's like crazy to say to people innuendo.
Always sexual.
All right.
To in today's world.
It's supposed to be.
It is.
Like we say, we have the phrase sexual innuendo because not all innuendo is sexual.
Right.
Only sexual innuendo is, but, but, but there isn't.
And so Spencer said last night, we need to bring back non-sexual innuendo.
Yeah.
It's fun.
I thought that would be a great goal.
I don't know.
I don't, I don't have anything else to do tonight.
So I thought we could bring back non-sexual innuendo.
Right.
So like if I were to say, uh, hey, um, tomorrow night I'm gonna, uh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna
sharpen a pencil if you know what I mean.
Right.
But you're like, I will, if proper innuendo, I don't think you want to be saying if, if
you know what I mean.
Right.
Oh no.
Okay.
Because innuendo, it's about doublespeak.
It's about hiding the true intention of what you're saying so that uninitiative parties
don't know that you're talking about what you're talking about and think you're just
talking about bread or pigeons or something.
So like, I don't know, like here's, this is me complaining about something.
Um, okay.
So I can't stand how burnt my buns are getting with all these bread lines being so, uh, close.
You see?
That's just me talking about bread to you people.
You couldn't possibly imagine I was meaning other things by that sentence because that's
just normal bread people talk, but I was really complaining about something.
I know you mean like, let the fourth rake begin.
Right.
I know that and you know that, but they don't know that.
And that's why it's great.
And that's why we need to bring it back to hide our white nationalist tendencies.
So whatever happens on Tuesday, uh, is it still Tuesday?
Sure.
I mean, it'll probably go until like Wednesday or something.
Can we push it?
Uh, the, I just, just remember, okay.
So this time around, no matter what happens, like we're all abused children.
We live in a home.
I don't care if you're conservative or whatever.
Like you all agree with everybody.
We have a hundred percent agreement on this.
The last year and a half has been an abusive relationship between us and the people that
would tell us what to do.
Like, and we have been, we have felt fed up about it.
We have been like raked over shit when we have better stuff to do.
We're not politicians.
We shouldn't have to think about their job this much.
And we like, like, like we are, we're all bummed out and, and, and every, every moment
that you would think the solution would be to not care.
Someone says the word abortion or women or race or like anything that like triggers you
and goes like, well, they're talking about important shit.
I, yeah, they're, they're always going to be, and they, they got to me and they got
to you.
And we, we're now here on the eve of like, it's, it's something's going to give.
We're all going to stop having to fucking think about it for a while.
Like we have to spend that four years, like whatever these dumbass house of representatives
are that we're always hearing about, like, oh, they own the, we kind of start getting
third party candidates into those seats.
Like, like, I, I would, that, that's my weird pitch is like, let's just start, let's, let's
have the historic election and go, yay, we did it.
And then be like, okay, now the next, like weird election that comes up, if we believe
in this system, then we'll go like, I don't, if you say that you're a Republican or Democrat,
that's a red flag.
Like, like you're, because you're part of a bad fucking weird, good cop, bad cop, alcoholic
husband system, where it's like this syndrome of like black eye and then apology and black
eye and then apology.
And it's like, like, it's not fucking working with given it 60 years, they built this shit
on top of something.
It's made of two legs.
So you think it's two things, but it's an animal.
All right.
That's it.
That ends the political segment, because now we don't have to worry about it anymore.
Because it's fucking, we, we walk out of here and into a world where it already happened.
It's over.
And you're going to find out, like that office is so insignificant, Hitler could be in it
and nothing would still happen.
He'd be like, I want to close Guantanamo or make it twice as big.
And it would just be like Guantanamo still be there and the same size, like four years
from now, Hitler will be like, I, that should be filled with Jews and like a million times
the size.
And it will, but it'll be caught up in red tape.
It just, we can take comfort in our catch cradle of fucking, we're fine, we'll be fine
for a while.
Pompey, last words at Pompey.
We got a fine.
It's a big mountain.
There's some lava dribbling out by the time that becomes an issue, I think we'll have
time to wake up and grab the kids and the boom, I'm catching a ball forever again in a museum
in Milwaukee and a guy like the, like they make the molds and there's like a guy holding
a guy up.
Is that real?
Well, you got like the Pompey things and then there's a guy with a knife and then there's
a rich guy going like, here's my money.
And he's like, he's like in the middle of being robbed and civilization, I don't know
how to feel about that.
But that's got to be fake, right?
There's no such thing as an event that happens so fast that you can be mid-robing.
Nothing has ever happened that quickly.
I bet a nuclear bomb might do that, but it wouldn't leave anything, right?
You'd hear a whistle of the bomb coming down and you'd be like this, like like Pompey should
be, all of the Pompey molds should be, everybody going like, that's if it happened really fast.
It should just be a bunch of people, maybe one guy's holding a knife and then you got
like, I bet he was robbing him, that would be fun.
But I don't believe that he, the guy's gone, stick him up.
Like it's like a freeze ray hit him.
Right.
I don't know if I believe that.
Yeah.
I'd like to believe that.
That's like a guillotine.
They say the guillotine is the most humane way of execution.
No one can, no one can test this.
You can't, you can't survey severed heads versus people that got lethal injection.
But they say the guillotine is the most humane way to kill somebody.
According to my 10th grade history teacher, who, who must be right about everything because
he was in Korea during the war and he also would constantly accidentally smoke his chalk.
So I believe everything he says and he said, all you feel is a cold, a cold, just a cold
sensation in the back of your neck.
He doesn't know.
Blissful darkness.
Yeah.
Did he, did he mention the least humane way to execute somebody?
No.
Oh.
What do you think, what, I, I, I, I'd like to challenge you to come up with it.
All right.
Okay.
Um.
The least humane way.
All right.
So.
Definitely just.
You get a bunch of fire ants and then you give them knives.
Chinese fire ant sized knives.
Yeah.
Just let nature take its course.
I say humiliate them to death.
Keep them fed and watered and immortal and like make them have to die of shame.
Okay.
Well, that's, that's very conceptual, but what does that, what does that look like?
What does it look like?
Yeah.
Well, how do you humiliate it?
It looks like a standard harness in a, in a windowless room with tubes going into them
that give them nutrients and liquid.
And then.
Humiliation is happening.
No.
What's the humility?
Like is it people laughing?
Is he like getting his dick slapped or something?
Like no one wants to be seen with their dick being slapped in public, right?
You come into the room and you say, uh, hi, how are you?
And then you leave and then you do that 40 times.
Right.
And then the third, the 41st time you say, hi, how are you?
But you said I was going to leave anyways.
That's just one example of how you'll never know what the fuck is going on.
I'm going to tell you some shit, not because you'll, you ever have the right to know and
not because it profits me, but because it will make your torture more exquisite.
I'm telling you, you're part of an experiment where we're seeing if we can humiliate a person
to death.
That's how significant you are.
You're interesting, but you don't matter.
If we don't humiliate you to death, I guess he'll die of gangrene or anything else that
would kill you.
But if we humiliate you to death, it will be no different.
It won't matter.
You don't matter.
And then I'd leave and then I'd keep coming back and I just like some days I'd come back
with a soda, like a Diet Coke and I'd just, and then I'd leave.
What does humiliation mean to you?
To cause humility.
Right.
And humility is when two people are talking to each other.
No, humility is when one person being talked to feels like they don't mean very much.
Right.
But they mean enough that someone's spending their entire life.
I would nip that in the bud.
I would say to the guy, by the way, we're
probably doing this to 700 people.
Well, you'd have to get different people.
It couldn't be you because you'd be like, man, you need to get a life, man.
No, but I would nip what you're talking about in the bud because you're getting to a thing.
That's what all the Twitter people go when they go, Dan, you're fat and you're untalented
and who cares.
Of course.
And then I go, fuck you.
And then they go, fuck me, fuck you.
And I go, fuck you, kid, fuck you.
And then the kid's like, fuck you, fuck you.
Nice to see you're fat and chubby chasing.
Fat, fat.
And I'm like, hey, kid, listen to me, fuck you.
Nothing's changing.
You got to open up.
Well, something's changing.
This is where the kid always goes, you're paying attention to me, that's one thing.
That's the worst thing in the world.
You're fucking, that's so sad.
Like what, we live in a society where attention is currency.
It's also.
The attention of criminals, like you fucking, like, handcuff, that's the problem.
But your attention is delivered to you electronically instantly with a system that notifies you.
This country was founded on the idea that being left alone was a luxury.
Like, if people were like, like noticing you, it was like, fuck you, don't notice me.
I got a right to be fucking obscure.
Like, it's called the pursuit of happiness.
And then like, we invented cameras and it's like, oh, Jerry Springer can save my marriage
and like, fame means something, fame is important because it's like, if you had, if you had
a big pile of dollars in your hand, like, and they all set a thousand on them.
So you're like, you're walking around this big pile of dollar cake.
Like then everybody around you knows, well, that person has like something, I could use
that to buy food, I could get shelter with that, I could get whatever I want, because
it's like, that's capitalism, this, this is shit that will get you anything.
So like those people then go, well, why don't I just beat him up and take this?
The answer is because there's nine dudes standing around me who are like wearing sunglasses
because I have so much of this that they all have some and like, why don't they kill me?
Well, they don't kill me because if they do, like, they'll just like, there's another
ring outward and outward.
So that's the whole system.
What was my point?
We want to be left alone.
Oh.
Well, people make this mistake because people because the money came because these people
at one point, they started going like, OK, let's make a let's let's let's sell everybody
just nothing like, like, let's just sell them stories and things so you make television
and movies.
And then people go like, oh, look at Iron Man.
He serves ironing today and like, here's my money and then they go, like, thank you
for the money.
And it's like, like, we're making money off of like, like, like telling you stuff.
And then the guy on the screen, that guy's famous because you recognize him.
Because he stopped at the grocery store, he'd be like, holy shit, Iron Man's buying milk,
but he doesn't have to buy milk.
He has a guy buy milk for him.
That's makes it even more exciting to see him fame and seeing famous people.
That's obscure.
Holy shit.
That's so and so over there.
I'm never going to see this person ever again in my life.
I may even hate him or love him.
It doesn't even matter.
I just can't leave this room without like something.
And if I had that, then I'd also have money and power and all this stuff, but it's not
true anymore.
Like, so people tweet you and they go like, hey, fat fuck, what do you do in fat fuck?
And then you go, hey, fuck you, pipsqueak.
And they go, I won.
But then they're, it doesn't help them at all.
What they call a victory is the mechanic of Twitter functioning as planned.
He tweets at you, you see the tweets.
That's not, that's, that's Twitter.
That's not a win.
Yeah.
It's like, it's like a, it's like a fucking amazing thing about technology.
Like you shouldn't, you wouldn't like send it, take an X-ray of your broken leg with
your phone and send it to your doctor.
And when your doctor says it looks like you have a broken leg, you fucking loser.
Yeah.
Why are you, why are you looking at X-rays at home fucking faggot?
That's faggot shit.
Looking at X-rays.
If I get self-employed at home doctor looking at X-rays.
Yeah.
That's the fascination with phones.
Like when they come to you, they interest you.
Broken leg winner.
Oh man.
Okay.
I just had the, I had this idea, I should have mentioned it before.
You know, when you, people have these mic drop moments, these spike the football moments.
It sounds like I was about, you were about to do that before I cut you off.
But like what you should do when you have that mic drop moment is you should do the
NPR sign off like they do because you know, they always end with this awesome or they
think it's an awesome line, but it's not.
And then they spike the football with their name.
They're like, it looks like these ballet shoes are in lockstep.
I'm Marina Simons NPR News Brazil.
So you just be like, hey Dan, are those pants brown or did your shit fall out of your pants?
I'm Spencer Crittenden NPR News.
I think we should start that.
Is that your face or did your neck throw up from Washington?
I'm Corey Flintoff.
I just wanted to say Corey Flintoff.
I was just, I was doing the same thing, but no, I just wanted to say Corey Flintoff.
It's a good name.
They're, they all have amazing names.
That's part of what makes the sign off so powerful because it's not the sign off.
You know, they're just saying dumb shit.
I don't like, like, because most of the time they sound, when they say that, when they
say their names, it really sounds like they're like, yeah, I really nailed it.
But most of the time it's just really lackluster and it's like, it looks like autumn has come
to town.
I'm Corey Flintoff NPR.
And like, it's just like, why, that's your, I don't know, he sounds so smug.
Have you ever been listening to an NPR piece and they, they have that cadence and so you
think it's going to end and then it doesn't, they go like, so, and that's, and that's when
homelessness becomes something where the heart is.
David walks to Dunkin' Donuts and you're like, yeah, I was ready to move on.
Let's let's do, let's do a, let's do a segment called my friend, my friend needs a job.
Because Marley, are you here?
Can you come out on stage?
Marley, Marley Nelson?
It might take him a bit.
I think he's in the audience.
Okay.
He can't clamber up the.
He will, but it just might take a bit.
Yeah.
Or I hope he will.
I don't want to speak for him.
When he gets here, we're going to give him a job.
I know what you're thinking.
It's, it's, I came here to give.
What can I give?
I drove from Phoenix.
I paid $35 and I want to engage in charity.
Standing in line was my duty and now begins my obligation.
That's what you're thinking.
Isn't a duty an obligation?
A duty, a duty is a necessity sometimes.
Marley, everybody.
All right.
Hi Marley.
All right, Marley, Marley, I met you because you, wait, are we, should we not say how I
met you because is that, oh, fuck them, man.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I met you because you were working at the hotel I was staying at and you, you're,
you're, you're, you're a, you're a very hospitable person and then, and then while I was gone
at one point you got fired from the hotel because you weren't, I don't know what the
story was.
Well, the story was a little complicated.
It was one person said this, another person said that, but essentially I kind of had sex
upstairs and it was frowned upon.
Right.
Apparently you can't do that type of thing at work.
In a hotel, when there's that, the only thing that is in a hotel is a bunch of empty beds.
That's what I'm saying.
If you work in a hotel and you're doing a good enough job.
One plus one is two.
That's what I mean, like, that's the first time you've ever told me that, by the way.
I didn't bring him up because I knew the reason he got fired was awesome.
He told me he wasn't at his post, but it sounds like you were.
I had to keep it professional, you know, like, but I was posting though, it was, it was.
All right, so, and you were, you know, you're, if you can make friends with me, it means
you're, you're either black or, or you're a very friendly, like, or both.
And if you're both, we're friends.
And I, but, but no, but I like, you know, you're, you're, you seem like a good guy.
I don't think that you're secretly a rapist or anything like I, I also, I don't think
you're a secret murderer.
I don't think you're a secret burglar.
Oh, no, I'm actually really open and honest about my murdering, burglaring.
So like, once I do it, you know, it's, it comes through.
Yeah.
All right.
So what I talked to you earlier before the show and I got some data, like, as you put
it, because you've tried, you were in the hospitality industry, which you were very good at.
Yes.
If I could, if I could start a hotel, I would have you at the front door, like, I would
know that you were going to make every guest feel wonderful.
Well, yeah, 100%.
That's the job.
Yeah.
But you, you, you went from there to comic book distribution.
Yes, it's true.
And you're currently working in that.
You're a big comic book fan.
You like Iron Man, you like Spider-Man.
What's your favorite?
Oh, that's a complicated question, man.
Oh, gosh.
Yeah.
Whoo.
Uh, probably Dr. Doom and Batman would have to be like the, like, pinnacle of comic book
doom.
You like Dr. Doom.
Yeah.
Like a guy, you like, like his, you said earlier, you said, you said this election
is like choosing between Dr. Doom and Red Skull, which means like an insidious, like,
uh, yeah.
Well, okay.
Yeah.
But you want to work with Dr. Doom because at the end of the day, he's going to take
care of you.
He's got a lot of varia.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You got a lot of varia and they're like, oh, we love doom.
Yeah.
We have universal healthcare.
We got doom bots.
Yeah.
Dr. Doom's a both board kind of guy.
No, he absolutely is.
He's like, I have a chrome face.
I have a country.
Some of it's under a hood, but that's because I don't want to look like Destro.
Well, and, but, but Red Skull is like, I don't want to know, I have a red skull for
a head.
I'm going to, I'm going to hydra everything.
The dude has a red skull like that.
And he's not proud of it.
No.
Yeah.
He's very upset.
I don't think that Red Skull was his idea as a name.
I think, I think he probably was like, I'm Warlock master.
And then like eventually gave in like the way with the big league thing, big league became
big league.
Your skull's red.
We should just stick with what we know.
All right.
So politics is disturbing the, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's muddying the waters here.
It's like, it doesn't matter how you feel.
What matters is you're, you tried hospitality, you're now working a comic book distribution.
What you told me, if you had your ideal job, it would be getting high and talking about
comics.
All day.
Yeah.
So is there anybody in New York that is,
Owns a comic book store.
Has a business that involves someone along the pipeline getting high and talking about
comic books.
Smoking pot, talking about comic books guys.
I can do this all day.
Oh, Dustin owns a podcast network.
Yeah.
I guess you could get high and talk about it.
I mean, you, you would have to do ads while you got high and talk about comics.
You'd have to like go.
Or comics.
Iron Man's dope.
And so is Dollar Shave Club.
Like you'd have to, can you imagine like pitching like just comic book superheroes as if they
were podcast ads?
Like I've been reading Spider-Man for a long time and I got to tell you that it's 20%
off and Spider-Man has webbing that entangles foes with ease and the strength of six men.
I don't know.
It would be great.
I mean, maybe it wouldn't.
All right, so, so people listening to this will know Marley, Marley Nelson.
Marley Nelson on Facebook.
He's a pot in comics.
He's in New York.
He needs.
He.
My mom is going to hear this shit, bro.
Yeah.
He's off the, he's off the map.
Wait, what?
I didn't even think about that.
Wait, what is your mom going to hear it?
I don't, I don't know.
I'm, I'm.
Oh, we could cut this out.
Well, just tell your mom not to, your mom, your mom doesn't listen to my podcast.
I don't know.
She's your biggest fan.
You're excited.
You're conflicted because you wanted to tell your mom you were on a podcast and then you're
like, Michelle, no, I get high.
Yeah.
Well, she like knows, but she doesn't want everyone else to know that she knows.
Well, I just put that shit out.
Well, we'll cut it out.
It'll be fine.
This relationship, you need, you, you own it, not her.
Just don't tell her you were on a podcast.
She's never going to find out.
I hope not.
My rent's going to be all fucked up.
Nobody that, nobody that knows Martha Nelson from Greenwich Village is going to.
How do you know that name?
I love comic books.
See that guys?
That was Batman versus Superman.
Oh shit.
What, what, uh, what, uh, what, what do you, what do you, what do you think of this Bane
guy in this Batman movie?
And that third Batman movie, what did you think of that?
Like for real?
Oh yeah.
Let's, let's talk about this.
I have opinions too, but I want to hear yours.
I mean, it was like, it wasn't, it wasn't Bane at all.
No.
I mean, like, I get what they were trying to do.
Thank you.
Because what I wanted to do was like crazy shit, but that wasn't fucking Bane, bro.
Bane's a goddamn mercenary, has nothing to do with League of Assassin's, broke Batman's
back, did that shit in the whole Nightfall storyline.
It was like a whole fucking thing.
Nah, that shit was all fucked up.
Also, he's super smart, right?
Like, like, he's a mastermind and that wasn't represented at all.
He's a really good strategist, but he's not like, he's not like Batman level smart.
Well, no one's Batman.
Yeah, no one's Batman level.
Well, maybe Brainy.
I don't like, the movie begins with the idea that he, he's comfortable putting a hood on
and he's getting on a plane and he's got this whole plan laid out because he apparently
knows exactly what happens when you surrender to the federal government.
Like, he knows, he's got a hood on his head.
You know, when you hit it like that.
And he's like, and he's like picking his quips and like, and it's like, oh, whoa, that depends.
Are you afraid of me?
Oh, I'm afraid of you.
And it's like, and he's got this hood on and it's like, what if the fucking guy just pointed
and blew his brains out like before he had the hood off?
He doesn't know that's not going to happen.
I don't admire that kind of villain.
He doesn't plan things.
Like, the Joker was it, okay, all right.
It's just, it was just like, oh, the whole thing is like, oh, he's so logical.
He got him right where he wants him.
But it's like, there's no internal logic.
I don't like it.
I don't like lack of internal logic in my superhero.
In the Joker or Bane?
I mentioned the Joker for a second because it's like, they did a good job of creating a character
that could be counted on to do anything other than what made sense because that was his superpower.
Like, that was a cool Heath Ledger Joker.
It was like, we all agree.
Well, he was the best part of that movie.
They made the Joker make sense in that way.
He's a compulsive anarchist.
He just wants to watch the world burn.
It's kind of cheating, but fine, fuck it.
But Bane was like, I've got a plan for Gotham.
I'm going to make sure everyone finds out about the corruption.
That's way better than the Bane that we had.
To even say this causes me physical discomfort, but I'm going to say it because I love all of you.
Batman and Robin.
Right.
What, the movie?
Yeah, that movie.
The Bane and that was just like, it was like a slap to the face of everything I've ever known in comic books.
It was like, almost as bad as Spider-Man's organic weapon.
I met Adam West at Stanley's Kamikaze, and it was very uncomfortable.
Why?
Because I told the comic con organizer, she said, I heard her going like, when Adam West gets here, blah, blah, blah, and I was like,
Adam West here, I'd really like to meet him, and I didn't expect actually steps to be taken that involved putting anyone out.
And then we went to meet Stan Lee, which turns out means that you...
I kept thinking we were going to be brought into a room.
It's like the old Greg Barrett's joke of the New York Times calls him and asks him a few questions,
and he thinks that he's getting interviews, but they're just selling him a subscription.
I thought Stan Lee wanted to meet me.
Stan Lee would love to have you at his comic con and meet you, and I was like, of course he does.
My time has come.
He's got better shit to do.
It was more like, oh, well, the comic con, you go in the front of the line, and then you meet Stan Lee, it was fine.
But then they were like, we're walking from the comic con out to the van to leave, and this golf cart is speeding up,
and the comic con organizer leaps into the path of it and flags it down because it's Adam West,
and Dan Harmon wants to meet Adam West.
And so Adam West is like, who?
And Burt Ward, who's in the back seat, is like, double who?
Because he didn't say he wanted to meet Adam West and Burt Ward, so even if he's Barack Obama,
I don't fucking, fucking shit.
Holy bullshit, me, man.
He's in therapy, and his therapist is teaching him how to, she's like, when you have anger,
I want you to, it's okay, you can keep saying, holy, whatever's bugging you,
but you have to, I want you to start telling yourself instead of Batman.
Holy divorce, me, man.
And that's as far, anyways, I just thought that was a funny premise.
I'm not doing myself any favors because the guy doesn't have any reason to like me.
I said, someone stopped a golf cart, and then it was like, there was just,
the whole golf cart was loaded with the entire cast of the Batman original TV show.
I didn't really, I didn't, I was like, if Adam, and then I was like, Adam,
they were like, they're busy, and I found myself angry at them.
And I'm like, why am I mad at them?
And I was also ashamed of myself, because I'm like, what?
And I was like, oh my god, I meet people every day who are going through all this shit,
not to flatter myself, I'm just saying, like, I was like, oh, this is always happening.
It's like, oh, people going like, I also met Walter Koenig,
and I had just watched him and Bruce Campbell in Moon,
what was the fucking movie called, Moon Escape?
It's an awful movie from the 80s, and Walter Koenig's in it.
I couldn't fucking, it was like, why am I telling him this?
Like, it's a shitty movie, he knows it's shitty, like, it's embarrassing,
and it's like, and I knew it the whole time, and I had 20 minutes to stew on it,
and then I ended that 20 minutes and said, sir, I had to say it,
I know it's all that, I know this is a big annoyance and all this stuff,
but I have to say, I just watched the shitty movie you were in yesterday,
whatever the name of it was, and it just stared at me blankly.
I'm like, yeah, of course, like, what do you expect of it?
It makes me feel sad.
Anyways, the election's happening, and, sorry about that detour,
I'd like to bring, her name is Stephanie to the stage.
Stephanie, are you here?
Are you able to come to the stage?
I hope so.
We met, Marley and I were, Marley's mom.
Stop listening, mom.
Your son and I were getting high outside the venue,
and then a couple walked by, and we started, we struck up a conversation,
and the wife, I think she's, I think they're married,
she was just walking her husband to Harmontown,
and she was going to stand in line with him until he got to the front of the line,
and then she didn't have a ticket, and she was going to go home,
because she was just going to support him,
because he's a Harmontown fan, so he's not capable of existing on his own, on a sidewalk.
Stephanie, we started to have a seat and take that mic.
I'm sure you're probably, I don't want to assume this,
but I also want to support you if you are,
obviously you're terrified, or you're nervous, or anxious,
or is this a normal thing to be in front of,
you've been in front of people before?
Oh yeah.
Okay, good, fine, fuck you, alright.
But we talked about, I don't know how it came up,
but the idea that you can beatbox just a little bit,
like you're not claiming expertise.
No.
You're not here to take down any Sucka MCs.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
If that's what beatboxers do,
I don't know in their elaborate chess game,
like if the beatboxer is allowed to take down a Sucka MC,
that may be something that only a queen can do.
Or indeed, whether or not they have anything on you.
Right.
That was good.
I stand by that.
Well, can we get just a little taste?
Is there anything I can do to make it more comfortable for you?
Do you want some water, some vodka?
I'm good, thank you.
Alright, just a little, it's experimental,
just a little beatboxing.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
No, Dan, they ain't ready for this one.
Yo.
Are you ready for this one?
Give it up.
Yo.
Oh, shit.
Oh, man, give it to him, man.
Yo.
New York, New York.
Big city, a tiny apple.
I fucked your mom and she gave me some Snapple.
She gave it to me on a vending machine.
I fucked her so hard that one leg gleamed.
And then I took her to dinner.
I'd call your mom a gender winner.
She's an example to us all because I didn't fuck her at all.
I was lying.
And I'm a weak man.
And your mama should lead this land.
And she's put up with enough and she's shown she has merit.
I fucked your mom before a ferret.
That's not easy to keep up, right?
I care, Matt.
Beatboxing filled my hallways in eighth grade.
It was my generation's doo-wop.
I went to a virtually all-black middle school.
I'm not looking at you, Marley.
I said the word black.
I don't see the world through that lens.
I don't connect those dots.
Thank you, I appreciate it.
I went to basically all-black middle school
and it was like one of just a half dozen kids
that were bussed in for the computer specialty.
I don't remember what they called it,
magnet schools or desegregation traps or whatever.
That wasn't a joke.
I mean, that was language that was used.
I went to a magnet school.
Is that what magnet school is?
They take inner-city schools and then they go,
this inner-city school is now the agriculture specialty.
There's just like nine guys from Wichita.
They're like, wait, why would they come from a different...
Wichita was overused in the last show.
I don't know anything about geography.
If you're in Wichita, I'm sorry.
I couldn't point at you on a map.
You're fine. You're a fine human being.
Why am I characterizing you as anything other than
an example of humanity?
You're a good person.
Where was I?
Oh, all black.
Yeah, so everywhere.
You just walked down the hall between classes
and just literally like three dudes,
any three dudes.
There would be one guy freestyling
and then maybe trading off.
It was like triplets.
So I kind of learned to beatbox a little bit too.
That was my only point.
Why do you know how to beatbox?
My first exposure to beatboxing was Razzelle, of course.
Just YouTube videos.
Was Razzelle, of course?
Just Razzelle, comma, of course.
The of course is what puzzles me
because the of course implies I should know who Razzelle is.
And I don't know what...
Oh, I'm sorry.
He was one of the pioneers of beatboxing.
What about the human beatbox and the fat boys?
I always assumed he was the first beatbox
because his name was the human beatbox.
Right, yeah.
Was there someone before him?
He had a person who was almost literally his Razzelle ghoul.
That was good.
His name is almost Razzelle ghoul.
I also noticed that, yeah.
It goes into the whole Razz-Rache dispute.
Then you have people fighting and stuff
and people say Rache-al ghoul.
Some people say Razzelle ghoul.
I hate that stuff.
It's fucking annoying. I just, like, fuck off.
They should spell it differently if they want you to say it,
not like the letters are.
Exactly.
If it's Rache-al ghoul, there's a goddamn H at the end.
There's all sorts of letters they could use that they're not.
Yeah. Sorry.
Did this Razzelle guy, was he like the actual pioneer of beatboxing?
No, no, no. He was just the first person I saw, like, online.
What era was he?
He was the 80s, late 80s, early 90s.
Mostly, yeah, 80s, early 90s.
It would be, you know, you got Busy Bee, obviously Doug E. Fresh,
then Yes, Big Buff Love.
There was a lot in the late 70s and early 80s doing a lot of beatboxing.
Was Doug E. Fresh doing his own beatboxing?
Yeah.
He was like, the only thing I know is him and Slick Rick.
Yeah, yeah. Children's Story, Mona Lisa, yeah, they killed that shit.
Okay, so, alright, so, wait, I think that's the end of my questions, I think.
Because we know the same amount about beatboxing.
I'm a bad interviewer.
Yeah, but she was really good, like, really good.
Did we ever hang out? Remember?
Yeah, no, for sure.
Okay, guys, this, I...
Is the sound going to be audible?
Well, whatever, we'll find out.
Yeah, I'm staying in a hotel with my girlfriend,
and we fart in front of each other now,
but, like, I...
I don't know what that is.
God damn it, I'm so scared we're going to just find Steve Levy's The Fall Journal.
Just, I just, I was so dread, like, just the hand sketches of women's hair
going over their shoulder, just a red marker across the eyes or something.
Anyways, I, maybe I, maybe I tipped...
Here, I still, like, I try not to fart in front of her,
or try to go to the bathroom and, you know,
sometimes if I feel like it's going to be a loud one,
I'll turn on the water.
And I think I got away with this one, and I wanted to share it with you.
Oh, shit, okay.
That's the water going on.
I don't think she heard it.
I don't see, she was sound asleep.
That was a really good one, though.
That was, that was a solid eight. Solid eight.
I think my hesitant...
It's, it had an M sound, it was like...
It wasn't like a, it was not percussive.
It's not like, it wasn't like a... It was roaning.
It was like...
It has something to say.
Oh, shit, play that again, play that again.
I think I know what it's saying.
No, I didn't, I didn't, I got it wrong.
You thought, you thought it was like a desalinization of seawater.
Like it was like a secret...
Yeah, yeah.
No, I just, I had an idea, and then that was just the lowest common denominator.
So I jettisoned.
I mean, there's a happy guy.
Remember that, you know, for those of you that were at the last show,
you know, there was some question about my level of happiness,
and I think this is a happy person.
I think it's foolish to characterize me as having personality disorders,
and that actually got to me a little bit.
I don't know how many of you were at the thing.
As a joke, we Googled me, and we ended up at this art,
and it was like, oh, Dan Harmon's a piece of shit,
because he yelled at a kid on Twitter,
and like read the whole article and read the thing.
The comments.
I walked away, the comments section, and it was like,
yeah, I'm fine with this, I'm fine with all of it.
And then I noticed through the rest of the night,
I was actually really bummed out.
It was on me, it was in me.
It's toxicity, it spreads.
So are you supposed to confront the things that make you feel bad,
or are you supposed to, because that just made me feel bad?
A little bit.
I think you're supposed to just kind of filter it.
You have to remove that toxicity from the universe using yourself.
Kind of like process it through, and like filter it out,
and like expel that shit, you know, like acknowledge it,
and then just be like, fuck you, you're a piece of shit,
I don't have to answer to you, and like...
Oh, he did that for hours.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Smoking hot, you know, chill out.
The proudest thing to me is the finger.
I think that's so meta, because I'm like,
I think for a moment about being adorable,
but the thing about being adorable is that it's all about hesitation.
That's an image of, oh, should I strike a hesitant pose?
And then I was like, I hesitate to do that.
I'm like, quadruped adorable.
Don't you think that women are heroes?
Like, aren't they just better people?
Because isn't that gross?
And can you imagine, like, either she was asleep,
or she ignored it, or she loves me,
like she acts like it's fun, like she loves it.
She and I farted on a candle together.
That is fucking lovely, I like that.
I was like, I was trying to fart on a candle for her,
for her entertainment, and then I was like,
thrusting out, I was really wanted to,
and then I heard a weird sound,
and I looked back and she had creeped out of bed
and was like, on the other side of the candle.
That's amazing.
Yeah, I mean, it's hard to, it's hard to define love.
You can't just say, I...
I feel like you just did, bro.
I love you.
You have to, like, it all comes in the form of,
like, specific things, and that wouldn't be the same.
Like, that's not Bridget Jones' definition of love.
I haven't seen the third movie yet,
but I don't know if, I don't think it changes.
I don't think she wants someone to fart on a candle with her.
Stephanie, what's it like being with a Harmontown fan?
It's awesome.
He's the best.
I love him.
He's introduced me to, he's made,
he's helping me appreciate humor more,
he's more funny than me by a long shot.
I've been getting into improv lately,
which I'm not so great at.
It sounds like he's got some kind of gaslight,
like, a stockhole, like, yeah,
Stepford thing over here.
I bet you're better than him in every way.
He sounds like a terrible person.
Yeah, that's what makes people funny.
Terrible people are funny people.
Right?
I fucking love myself.
Why am I so happy?
I love how old I'm getting,
I love how gross.
I'm like, oh yeah, I always wanted to be,
this is who I was in kindergarten,
and the principal didn't understand that.
So he was like, you should be held back.
You can't move on to first grade.
Why? Because you can't use scissors.
Well, either can this guy.
I'm not supposed to use scissors.
I'm supposed to fucking fart in a bathroom,
look adorable.
I was noticing how your brow lacks any wrinkles
in this video.
On a daily basis, I have at least three,
and especially while concentrating on my task.
What do you mean, in the middle?
Is that a...
I got a line there.
Is that a big zone for women?
It's across.
It's these lines across.
Oh, because that's the definition of old...
Angry.
I played an old woman in a play,
and that was my job.
As I got lazy, the less I spent in makeup,
I would just take an eyebrow pencil and go,
line, line, line,
so that's what you're avoiding is horizontal lines.
Yeah, and that's normally unavoidable,
especially in this delicate situation,
and you manage to not have a single furrow.
Well, every night, cucumber slices.
Then I get up, and I let it all out.
What is it?
Do you want to talk just a little bit about politics,
but more on the spiritual side?
I was at a table last night with three women,
three dudes,
and then one of the dudes
was a young Harmontown fan
who came to the table and made the mistake
of telling Evan Shapiro, head of CISO,
that he wasn't voting.
Oh, you guys are here.
Don't get a big head.
You're not a hero in this story.
No, you're fine. You're a lamb to the slaughter.
Evan Shapiro is like, oh, my God,
you're not going to vote.
I'm like...
I sympathize with everybody,
but the funny thing is that there's a bunch of dudes,
one of them yelling, everybody laughing,
then I have all this talking and all this stuff,
and my girlfriend and two other women
were the other half of the table,
and it was kind of like...
I picked up a couple of sound bites
that it's as if women
aren't going through something right now
where they're all looking at each other going,
like, do you fucking believe this?
Like, does it, no matter how they feel,
they're just like, does anyone not...
I don't know, can you give voice to that
so that I'm not mansplaining it?
Yeah, well, I mean, as a human,
I don't know about how my woman status plays into it,
but as a human, I'm looking at this election going,
like, what the hell? How did this happen?
How did this crazy person get so far?
And so popular.
But do you get mad when people are...
Is there something inside you that's like,
is it frustrating?
Because it's everybody's argument to have,
everybody's decision, is it frustrating
because does it feel a little bit like,
this is my time, this is my space,
this is not really in the grand scheme of elections,
can you fucking pick up this bullshit some other time,
and can we get this over with
where we make this historic important step?
Do you ever...
I don't want to put words or thoughts in your mouth,
and I don't know if...
Maybe that would offend you that you're like,
I'm characterizing you as blinded by a pheromonal
fucking higher calling.
I don't know, just save the show,
tell us where you're at.
Yeah, no pressure.
Speak for all women and get a standing ovation.
Yeah, okay.
Back into the goal of a standing ovation from all women,
and then just imagine, what would I say to get that?
I'm kidding, obviously,
that's a terrible way to approach creativity.
So women are awesome.
The alternative is you just say how you actually feel,
and knowing that someone out there
might put a Reddit post and say,
like, she's got a lot of nerve.
If you're willing to risk that,
just say, you can just say how you feel.
I do appreciate that the dialogue on women
has become so much more the forefront
of everything right now,
and for once, people are angry at the things
that Donald Trump and like are saying,
which is huge.
Just the fact that there are so many women and men
coming out and saying that's so or not okay,
it's so or not okay that we would actually vote
for someone of the opposite party, for example,
based on just these comments,
little on policy and all those other issues that are nasty.
I don't even know what's going on with Republican women.
That already sounded like an oxymoron
before this election.
But then again, somebody's a Republican woman.
They exist, there's lots of them, right?
I don't know what the numbers were,
but you've been paying more attention to that than me.
Has there been a huge exodus from GOP women
that are saying like, this guy's the worst
and it has to do with who I am,
like fuck fiscal policy, fuck class struggle,
fuck cultural shock, like for this four years,
I'm with her.
Have you encountered, seen that?
So in my social circles,
I generally congregate with liberal women
and liberal men who are like minded.
But from my readings in the Washington Post,
I see more and more women of every political leaning
saying, you know, I'm with her.
He's a pig, yeah.
All right, well, it's too light.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Look at those airs after the apocalypse.
Mm-hmm.
All we can really do is...
...in like a lamb, out like a lion.
Like how happy I am.
It's like I don't know the world is at stake.
Is this guy even going to vote?
Look at his face.
This guy may not even vote.
He may just get out one of his hands
and say, you know what?
I don't know.
He may not even vote.
He may just get out one of his old stickers from the drawer.
Just to stick on it.
I was like, oh, there's a lot of lint on it,
so there's scotch tape behind it.
So this is from the...
This is from the Nader election.
Still stick straight to my shirt.
Now, I'm going to, yeah...
I mean, I'm going to go and I'm going to pull the lever
very proudly for somebody that,
in spite of all my political opinions,
which are left of anarchy,
which means I wish that everybody that ever thought
they had the right to tell us what to do
would die in a fucking inferno.
Like, so who do you vote for?
The Green Party?
I don't like them either.
I know there's got to be a better way,
but I also don't like the look on people's faces
if I tell them I didn't vote
and the posturing about how the system isn't going to work
and all this stuff.
I would never, ever, ever tell anybody
that was choosing to write in their roommate
or vote for a third-party candidate
or even not to go vote.
At the point where you're bullying those people,
you've got to step back and ask yourself,
all they're saying is they're not voting
for this particular fucking system,
and if your only advertisement for it is to yell at them,
like, what do you expect them to do?
Oh, yeah, so sorry.
Like, if you want them to be a fan of democracy,
at least give them the space to waste their vote.
Like, that should be their right.
And I'm going to, but I always go,
I'm going to go pull the lever for the Democratic candidate
because this fucking guy is an emergency
and I resent the fact that I should be tending to an emergency
with my fucking vote.
That shouldn't be my vote's job.
Like, so I'm, like, but it's not the time to protest
because both voting and protest voting
aren't going to make a fucking difference.
That's the problem.
Revolution doesn't happen behind that curtain.
If anything behind that curtain could happen
that was powerful, it would have been made illegal
a long time ago.
And so, but I'm going to go do it out of solidarity
and then I'm, like, we got to fucking for real.
We got to, like, figure out how to get to, like,
we got to...
Yeah.
And then, like, we got to fix this.
We got to, like, if you're a human being
and you're, like, living within the system,
like, you have the right to go stand out on the street corner
and say, I don't like the system.
I think it should change.
And if somebody comes and stuns you with a taser
and, like, puts you in a van,
then you've done your job that day.
Like, because you've proven, like,
when we give AIDS to cancer,
as we talked about in a previous episode,
you're alerting white blood cells
to a thing that should be fought.
And we'll get started on that after Tuesday.
Like, we got to, we got to just go, like,
okay, that's great, historical.
She's president, like, now let's fix this shit.
These people are born rich.
They have no fucking entitlement to talk to us like animals.
We got to have representative democracy.
And then just, like...
It's, I'm so proud of it.
Like, look at me.
Look at, there's a woman that loves him.
And she's gorgeous.
She's amazing looking.
That's not why I like her.
I noticed how hot she was,
like, three conversations into
making intellectual love to her.
Is that, do I protest too much?
That's beautiful.
Okay.
All right, give me a beatbox.
Let's do a New York rap.
And then, and I want to, I want to,
like, wait, five, wait, what time is it?
Five, it says five o'clock in here.
What?
Eight o' four.
Okay, great.
This is good.
We're doing good.
It's kind of an okay show.
Yeah, okay.
All right, that response was telling.
We'll figure it out.
Sorry.
Well, you know what?
Then go back in time and don't come.
You can't, can you?
Give me a beatbox.
We'll do a little New York rap.
And then I'm going to make that seat available
for somebody from the city that's feeling pain.
Or pleasure.
Yo.
130th Street to 65th took the subway down
and I smoked a spliff of reefer weed.
I fucked your mama because she was in need.
I'm a charitable contributor to your mama's pussy with my dick
and my balls every summer, spring, winter and fall.
I put my penis in her vagina from New York to North Carolina.
The eastern seaboard is your mama's pussy.
The eastern seaboard is your mama's
and I was like, one syllable for vagina.
Nothing acceptable.
No, there's no such thing as a one syllable word for a vagina
that's going to end your rap well.
We should come up with one.
Bob.
I'm pitching.
Just call it Bob.
Bob.
Oh, no.
Box is gross.
It's all gross if it's one syllable, I think.
Is there a one syllable word for...
What?
We know those ones.
Cunt is all the way over into like refreshing,
like it's like the N word of vaginas.
Veg.
Come on, gang.
Gash.
No, I mean, do you hear yourself?
I didn't ask.
I wasn't saying, hey, name...
I know they exist.
My question is, are there ones that make us feel comfortable?
Vag is fine.
Vag is...
Vag is good.
Vag is... I'm never saying it.
But that's for bridal showers.
Vag seems okay.
I'll let you ladies take that one back.
How about slit?
Do people say slit?
Oh, that's gross, too.
Wait, was that bad?
I don't know.
I think it's just gross.
It's like if you called it mud or something.
No one wants to do that.
Who doesn't like to play in some mud?
Well, without question.
Yeah, there's no...
Like, there should be one that's like earth.
Or...
Like, I guess that's mud.
Hole?
Yeah, that's not bad.
Did you say hole?
Hole.
Oh, hole?
No, hole.
With an H.
No, hole's bad.
Yes.
I know.
I get it.
The rug.
What?
All right, if you're just going to boo everything.
Like, I'm just...
I thought slit and rug were really good.
I mean, slit's clever.
It's just...
I don't know.
Just saying it's like moist.
It does feel a little dirty.
It's not like it's...
Bean?
Bean.
That's like the most important part.
All right.
Here's my pitch.
Okay, you're going to say I'm white knighting.
Here it is.
For real pitch.
Imagine using this in slang.
It would be awesome.
Life.
Yo, son, you get some of that life?
No, I was all up in that life last night.
You get that life?
Yeah.
That's like that was the worst guy's got.
And then it was like, yeah, like we get it.
It's life.
That's why we want it.
Yeah.
And like, it's still gross, but like, because we're objectifying it, but we're at least
like a cosmology like placing it like it's like, yo, yo, yo, yo, son, you get some of
that life?
So I, a lady called out, a lady called out that holes don't have agency.
Oh, they do.
They don't.
They should.
How, how would we...
But I think we could give holes agency like we can make that happen.
How would you give a whole agency though?
Well, oh, oh, linguistically, you mean.
Uh, well, like a Sarlacc pit, like, I mean.
Right.
It's like a gatekeeper in that sense.
How do you give a whole agency?
Well, I mean, I, yeah.
You put a door on it.
Yeah.
Then it's a hole.
It's not just like something that can be affected.
Then it's like, you know, I, I, I, I think older men than us have come up with these solutions.
You should put an iron, a door with a lock and then a, like it's made of iron and, uh,
yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
Well, what, no, I, I, look, I'm putting it out there.
It's not going to come from me.
You, you, you female harmonians go figure it out.
That's what you do.
You create, create a one syllable word for your vagina and make it beautiful.
I'm counting on you.
I believe in you.
My name is Dan Harmon and I approve this message.
Uh, I don't think my irony landed and a lot of people started hating me.
They're like, is he telling women what to do?
No, I'm, look, I'm scared of you.
Um, did you just say he was scared of us?
That's not comforting either.
That's what they say before shooting sprays.
Um, okay.
Noted.
Uh, split the diff.
Uh, give me a break.
Will you?
Um, okay.
Never mind.
Okay.
Uh, let's have a hand for Stephanie, uh, for her beatboxing.
You can go rejoin your, uh, seat.
Thank you.
So I'm glad we ran into each other.
I mean, like the, the, the, we live in an alternate universe now where you came to the show instead
of going home.
Who knows what you would have done.
She's ignoring me.
Yep.
Uh, that's a, that's a tasty beat box for a stranger.
That was really good.
She said she did it.
She kind of knew how to beat box.
I mean, come on.
That's a beat box.
You got to understand, like she did not like, like, like she was not like, well, can I be
on stage?
Like I definitely totally like descended on her and was like, that would be fun.
And she was like, uh, like so just so you know.
Uh, uh, okay.
So all right.
Let's, let's, let's mine New York for a non nine 11 related, uh, probably non election
related.
It's eight 11.
Yeah.
Okay.
If not for daylight savings, it would be nine 11.
It's, it's more meaningful because it involves remembering.
The remembering is built in to the eight 11 commemoration.
It's like part nine 11 part memorial.
I agree.
Uh, is, is, is anybody, uh, anybody here?
Uh, let's say I want to ask for something specific.
You guys are so polite and nice.
Like you've been, you've been great.
Like it's New York.
They function as a, as a, as an entity.
That's what they do for a living.
People in LA are like, who's this person?
Why are they near me?
Yeah.
New York is just like, I live on top of people.
So I'm not going to.
It's kind of like get away from me.
Like it's like we're trying to do us and just get away and go is how we kind of
operate.
I think it's just, well, yeah.
It's like, it's like, okay, I'm like, I'm in a jar of people that you just, and
you just like, there's a dead stair that comes with that.
But if you tap the jar, they're like, how can I help you?
Like, cause they're not dead.
They're just like, that's their job.
They're in a jar.
That's the best thing they can do.
They're like focused, like, like in a, in a space camp when they get, they get
accidentally launched into space, the kids.
And there's a point where it's like, oh, we only have so much oxygen.
You know what takes up oxygen?
Complaining.
It really does.
Like at a point, like the guy who played the, the gay nerd in revenge of the
nerds, like he was, he was, he was talking about French fries.
Remember that monologue?
And he's like, he's like, he's joking.
He's joking. He's some French fries. And, and, and I don't know if it's the
Val Kilmer, like analog.
There's a guy who's like, hey, listen, I'm using up air, man.
And he's like, okay, cool.
Let's just, just want to do a monologue about the guy who ate French fries.
Cause anyways, I'm just saying, what was I saying?
It's, it's, it, it, it, it, it's a jar of people.
Yeah. New York is like that.
Like everybody, like they look, you look at them and they're on the street and
you're like, oh, they, they hate themselves and each other.
They're just making it work. They're fine.
Every time you bump into one of them, they're like, they like wake up.
It's like Westworld. Like they, they're like, they're, they're like,
how, how, I'm, my name is Tony.
I'm fucking, I'm like, what, what do you need?
Like, I mean, they're not all like, what do you need?
Some of them are like, I'm going to stab you.
But, but they like, they're, it's not, it's not their fault.
It's not their fault.
It's a big city. It's a vertically arranged.
It's not a lot of room to spread out.
It's got to get tedious.
But also you should stay here because Los Angeles is definitely going to,
it's a, it's going to fall into the ocean.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
I'm going to be moving here soon.
And like, like, like, yeah, because you guys have,
which will raise the property value in your neighborhood,
foisting you out into a further like Jersey ish.
And you'll be like, what's up with all these fucking Harmon's coming?
And then there'll be like a special Harmon van that picks me up from my brownstone
and takes me up to the tower where, where I do my podcast.
But the bus won't be accountable to like tickets and stuff.
And then you guys will stand in the way of it.
And like, fuck these Harmon buses.
Have you seen, have you seen those lift buses?
They're ridiculous.
They're just, they're just city buses except they have lift on them.
I've seen them in LA.
Oh no, I haven't.
Oh yeah, lift buses.
So there's open sourcing public transit.
Yeah.
I hear they're rolling out a program where instead of picking up people on demand,
they'll just go from place to place.
And people can get on and off at will.
It's a real, what do you call it?
Disruptive marketing campaign.
You can, you can get a transfer.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's amazing.
If you, if you earn enough points, you can slowly move from where you sit in the bus,
like toward the, yeah.
Oh no, that's, that's complicated.
That'd be fun.
Yeah.
I feel like meow meow beans.
I thought that would happen.
All right.
So who right now in the Gramercy Theater just like use your instincts and just ask yourself,
would I improve this show if I can?
Well, let's just try that.
Let's just be open about it.
Like you, you, you, your, your hands are moving.
Are you, you had an interesting day?
Okay.
Let's, let's, let's, do you want to come up and, okay.
We're, we're, we're a cosmopolitan city.
Like we don't have to put a, a skin on it.
Or are you like, who likes blue?
And everyone's like, I like blue because I really just want to be up there.
This is like, who wants to be up here?
I do.
Hello.
I like red, some person said.
What are you, come on, knock it off.
Not everything's a wise crack.
All right.
What'd you say your name was?
My name's Jared.
Jared?
Yeah.
Awesome.
All right.
Hey, Jared.
How's it going, man?
Marley.
Spencer.
That's a, that's a famous name.
Yeah.
I, I, I, when you say Jared, people always say, Oh, Jerry.
No.
Oh, Jared.
Oh, Gary.
And so I always had to say like Jared, like from the subway commercials, but I can't
do that anymore.
Yeah.
Jared, like the prisoner.
Right.
You know, like prison.
Okay.
Jared.
Well, are you young enough to ask how old you are?
I just turned 25 a few days ago.
Adorable.
Nice.
Thank you.
Welcome to earth.
Good luck.
Thank you.
What, so yeah, tell us about your day.
A few, like two, three days ago, I got my gallbladder taken out.
Yeah.
It was my, it was my second procedure in like five days because I like couldn't sleep.
It was this horrible pain every night for like 12 hours.
And then they're like, Oh, you've got a thing in your bile duct.
And I was like, that's a gross word.
And then they got the thing out of the bile duct.
And then they're like, Oh, we got the thing out of the bile duct.
But then we saw what their shit with your gallbladder.
So we need to get that out.
So then I got my gallbladder.
They haven't figured out when to take your gallbladder out by now.
It's very popular in women over 40.
Do you just mean the doctors?
Like if you go to the hospital, that's the shift.
It's like your gallbladders going out.
Right.
They love, they love removing them.
Yeah.
No, it, it tend, it's, it's normally like women like in their 40s or 50s to get their
gallbladders out.
But I was having this pain and they're like, Oh, it's probably your gallbladder.
And then.
Right.
Which is a really routine thing.
I mean, not, it's not.
No, it's not like, it's a pretty minor surgeon.
But I just curious because they said, Oh, they, they bothered to take this like half
step or they're like, there's something in the area of your gallbladder.
It's like, yeah, motherfucker.
Yeah.
It's called the gallbladder attack.
Right.
You've removed the gallbladder.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm the offensive urban doctor.
Right.
Motherfucker, you gotta just give this motherfucker MRI and get over the shit.
I'm, I'm, I don't open my mouth when I talk to her.
Give this motherfucker a marrow transplant before I bust the fucking.
All right.
Anyways, as a new character, probably won't stick.
I don't know.
Didn't see workshopped it in New York.
If anyone was going to go for it, it would have been them.
Didn't work out.
Continue Jared.
So anyway, I, I, yeah.
So as for the past few weeks, I've been dealing with this whole like gallbladder and all the
pain and stuff.
And it's, it's, once they took it out, I feel like fucking great except I ate Zinburger
today, which was probably, I probably could have made a better choice.
Well, tell us.
So I live today.
Well, I'm sorry.
I don't want to derail you, but like, I gallbladder, like I've known guys that have the gallbladder
removed.
I feel like it's, it seems like a thing that would happen to me.
Like it's, I seem like a kind of person that would have a gallbladder removed.
The thing is, once it's out, you're just relying on your liver.
For what?
Yeah.
It basically, as, as I understand it, your gallbladder like processes fat and that kind
of shit.
And so, uh, normally they're like, Oh, we can just take your gallbladder out and your
liver will take care of it and it will be fine.
Oh, you know what?
I'm getting it mixed up with the goddamn appendix.
Oh no.
Yeah.
And I was doing the, I was like, what the fuck?
The appendix, the appendix is like this thing.
It's like vestigial.
And then it hurts.
Some people, it's just hurting and you just, we'll get that fucker out of there.
Gallbladder.
Okay.
So you, how many do you have before you get a gallectomy?
One.
So it's like your liver or your heart.
Right.
In that it's a one.
It's a oneer.
It's not an open surgery.
It's like four holes in my body right now and they sort of like it's here and they got,
I swear to God, they like basically guide it down and pull it out of your belly button.
They pull the whole organ out, but they don't actually cut you open and go in there.
What are you showing me?
That's my, that's a hole in my belly button.
Okay.
And then there's other holes up here.
Wow.
And they're like fresh.
I want to see the whole.
Yeah.
Let me see.
Oh, okay.
It's like 50 cents.
They're like little bullet holes.
It was like they kept missing Jesus Christ.
Explain that a little bit.
I don't, I don't really, well I was asleep.
Yeah.
So dirty.
Women over 40.
How recent is your gallbladderectomy?
Okay.
So you've got just little, little sexy like, but it looks like you got shot like, yeah.
Wait, how does it look now?
It looks less gross than this, right?
It's fine.
It's good.
You're all dark.
That's as close as anybody's going to get to me.
You should bring up your gallbladder scars and show.
It's fine.
Like, you're a good city.
I don't want to.
We're in the same room.
He's coming.
I don't want to discourage you.
He's behind us?
Very close, though.
Oh, yeah.
Well, bring him over here.
No, that's great.
Grandpa will, yeah.
That looks fine.
I have that to look forward to.
Oh, yeah.
That's not too bad.
I have that to look forward to.
Bring him over here.
I guess they just give it to guys with this haircut.
You guys are, you guys are fucking identical.
Just ethnically ambiguous guys with this haircut.
I had my, I had gallbladder stones.
Did you not have those?
Yeah, I did.
But they were minor compared to the ones in the Bible.
All right, you guys.
The jigs up.
You're, you're a famous, you guys are directors, I assume.
We're the Duffer brothers.
You're the something brothers for sure.
Just can you hike up your shirt, sweetie?
Oh, oh, oh.
Turn around.
Give us a look.
No.
Oh, yeah.
It's virtually invisible.
Yeah.
You can't even see it.
And there was one in the belly button, but that kind of didn't.
Did you get it done in the city?
No, in LA.
In the city.
This is the city.
I know you sound, but that's not, you sound like a character from Frankenstein.
Did you get from the city?
Go up into town?
Well, if you, if you live in Brooklyn or anywhere else, I mean, hands the city and
there's a lot of good surgeons.
Yeah.
I know.
What does the city mean downtown or?
No, the city means Manhattan for the most part.
I'm from New Jersey.
In Los Angeles, the city means, in Los Angeles, the city means something went wrong.
I'm going to the city.
What do you why?
Did a friend of yours stay up all night?
Like, why are they there?
I'm from Encina, so I know you're talking about.
Yeah.
There's a Hooverville.
That's a real Hooverville.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
So they suck it.
So you're saying they can remove, they remove the gallbladder.
This is what I don't understand.
I can, I can understand.
It's a robot.
They use a little claws to go inside and like, yeah, two of the, so the smaller ones.
I should have found this all out before.
They put like the tools inside and they, they kind of maneuvered out and then they suck
it out.
I thought it was through the bigger scar, not the belly button, but maybe your surgeon
did it differently.
But what about the duct work?
That's what I don't understand is when you remove something, you have to like deal with
the tubes going in and out and you're saying like, there's a robot being put in there.
Like the robot goes in the, in the, in the body and the robot's like in there stitching.
It's sent to you.
It goes inside.
Jesus Christ, man.
Yeah.
We're going to, you're going to live forever.
Probably.
You kids.
Well, actually, I don't know.
Your surgery was pretty recent.
If not, he can just replace me.
Oh, no.
I mean, like they say the doctors told me that 90% of people feel no difference, but I totally
experienced like certain digestive kinks.
So just be aware.
Like if, like if you see stuff that makes you want to puke, you're, you're, you're kind
of like, ah, it's all right.
No, no, no.
It's more actually like fatty food, like fried chicken.
Yeah.
Also like Dan, I know you mentioned once that like when you poop, it's usually after you
eat.
It's kind of like one in one out, like a club or something.
I've, I wasn't like that before, but now after I eat, if I walk around, which you do a lot
in.
I've always been like that.
I've always been the same way.
It's been random.
If anything, now I'm constipated, but it's because of the percocet.
I poop like clockwork after I eat.
Like I eat, I, I, I believe that I'm a, like a reverse pes dispenser, like that I, that
I take a bite of a burger, there's a poop, the size of a bite of a burger that needs
to come out of my butt.
That's how I experienced.
I was at work and there's this halal card across the street.
So I often go to the halal card one time that gave me a lot of extra shit.
Uh, so, so I was eating it and like as I was eating it, I was like, oh, I'm going to go.
So I'm at work and I went and I pooped and I came back out.
I work in a very small office.
I kept eating and then I had to poop again.
And then there was a third time and I was like, something's got to give.
I didn't want to be the guy who gets up and poops at least three times a day within like
an hour.
So I just told my boss I wasn't feeling well and I went home and I took a three day
weekend because I was embarrassed.
And you know what?
There's no hashtag for us.
Thank you.
No one cares about, about white guys that have to poop all the time.
The fecal express.
Hashtag poopy problems.
I met porn stars today.
Okay.
You were telling us why your date was interesting and I was like, you got a gold letter.
I don't want to steal your thunder.
I'm sorry.
Big fan.
What was your name again?
Alex.
That's my middle name.
And there's no way for you guys to touch the points of your gold letter.
Nothing would happen.
Nothing would happen anyway.
Do you want to give it a try?
No.
I mean, I mean, like if you touch them together.
Oh, wow.
Yours are fresh.
Yeah.
No, he's right.
He's, he's, he's, it's.
That's a health hazard.
And I'm glad that you pointed that out.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
Put some cocoa butter on it.
They're shiny.
Like there's stuff on them.
It's not, it's not a judgment.
Like they're both, they're clearly, they're, they're family.
Like these two, they're, they're not, they're.
Wait.
There's not a lot of support out there for younger people that have this.
It's a good, like these chat rooms and these subreddits and it's just all old people.
And it makes you feel really, really small.
I didn't mean to yawn into the mic.
Hey, um, hey, you've got some gall.
It's a miracle.
Run fast, take chances everybody.
We, you know, we don't got a lot of time left and we owe something.
Oh, we do.
Oh shit.
So, um, I have, I had this idea.
I know, you know, everyone's been wanting to play D&D, wants us to play D&D again.
Yeah.
All right.
So, um, I was thinking maybe we could play D&D.
So first we need characters, do you want to reprise Sharpie or do you want to just, um.
I'll be Sharpie of course.
Okay.
So just, we're very short on time gentlemen.
So quickly you got to, who are your characters?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be in you?
Let's go you first, Jared.
I'm, I'm picking one of like.
You're making a character.
You can make it up.
Whatever.
You can pick Jeff.
Fast.
Okay.
I'll just, I'll just pick Jeff's character.
Awesome.
Not Bone Weevil.
What is it?
Quark.
What is a Cuminos character?
Christopher.
Christopher, yeah.
Okay.
Lady in red.
I'm gonna go ahead and do my own character.
DM Paladin Elf.
Awesome.
That's what we do.
What's his name?
D, it's a she, it's a she.
Oh.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
You didn't tell me your D&D character was a she.
So I don't like brag about it, but I'm down.
You know what's up.
Pretty amazing.
All right.
You're like.
I got one of my five black friends as a transgender D&D player.
Alright, you enter the village full of junk food, but all you want to do is snack.
Make a will save.
Oh, you can't resist the temptation of all this junk food.
Come on, you eat the junk food.
I try to eat the junk food because it seems to be the only option.
Yeah.
No, I have to go to the field first, I have to roll a spliff,
and I have to work up that appetite to get to the junk food, so I'm going to go and smoke first.
Okay.
You're going out, you're going out to smoke and you see an old man.
He says, start snacking healthy with Nature Box.
So, I think it's, let's put it at Quark's turn.
Sorry, what?
You're eating junk food in the junk food village.
Okay.
What was the name again?
Diem.
Diem has just gone off to roll a spliff.
Okay.
I kind of want to stick around for the junk food, it's been a while since I could eat it.
I don't want to take some imaginary junk food.
All right.
Well, as you're eating that, an old man, the same old man, you wouldn't know that,
an old man comes up and says, Nature Box makes snacks that actually taste great
and are better for you, created with high quality ingredients that are from artificial,
free of artificial colors, flavors, or sweeteners, so you can feel great about snacking.
Well, that's hardly junk at all.
That's absolutely true.
He hands you a Nature Box.
Your personal favorites are vanilla bean wafers and flan or fortune coins.
Flan fortune coins.
I take the vanilla bean wafers, is that what you said?
Right.
And I throw them at his character.
Is that because I'm white and Hispanic?
Yes.
I'm a vanilla bean wafer.
As you throw those coins.
It's because of your wordplay.
As you throw the coins, you realize that Nature Box has recently made their service even better.
You can order as much as you want, as often as you want, with no minimum purchase required
and you can cancel at any time.
The coins strike against his forehead.
You take free damage.
There's no minimum purchase.
Come on.
Yeah.
That fucking sucks.
It's simple. Go to naturebox.com and check out the Snack Catalog.
There are over 100 snacks to choose from and they're constantly adding delicious new snacks.
Choose the snacks you want to deliver right to your door.
Even with three damage, I can hardly afford not to.
You continue to eat from the healthy snacks of Nature Box
and you realize you'll never be bored.
It seems that there are new snacks each month inspired by real customer feedback
and if you ever try a snack you don't like, Nature Box, it will replace it for free.
That's a snack back guarantee, my friend.
Hey, Jane.
Jane, are you here?
Jane, did you come in to...
Jane, get up here.
The show's almost over.
What are you doing?
Yes, let's lose one of our gallbladder people, or both.
Let's just lose the gallbladder brothers.
The gallbladder brothers.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks so much to Jared and Alex.
Thanks, man.
Jane, Jane, tell us about your Nature Box.
I was told maybe the out is a little less hard than maybe yesterday.
Oh.
But I don't want to abuse it.
But I still have to give him the Nature Box?
Because you told me you texted you, you're coming to town.
Yeah.
You weren't going to and then you made it.
So how's it going?
This has been a hell of a show.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
It's been hilarious.
Wow, it's been a hell of a show?
It's been a hell of a show.
Wow.
And right now you'll save even more.
Nature Box is offering Harmontown fans 50% off your first order
when you go to naturebox.com slash Harmontown.
That's naturebox.com slash Harmontown for 50% off your first order.
Well, that is good to know.
Naturebox.com slash Harmontown.
That is good to know because I haven't had dinner.
So what do you got for me?
Rocks fall, everybody dies.
Thank you.
That has been D&D.
I didn't get a character.
I'm trying to.
Would you say you represent the transgender community when you say it was a great show?
Always.
Yes.
I am here completely as a.
I'm trying to.
I don't know how to.
Harmontown.com slash Nature Box.
Okay.
No.
The other way around.
What do you need from me?
Would it be accurate to say you called it transforific?
Transtastic.
Yeah.
Which is the opposite of transphobic.
Would you call it Advocch brand?
Would you.
Would you call.
Would you call it Advocch.
Advocchamazing.
Where more importantly, we'll put a bit in that.
How's it been going with you?
Is there any developments?
Is there anything in it?
as a human being, in your glass-blowing science.
Any, what's, where are you at?
We haven't heard from you in a while.
Yeah, it's been, it's been quite a year, actually.
It's been a lot, a lot going on, a lot of good stuff.
It's been quite a year for everyone.
Why is, why is yours quite a year?
I've, I hold his feet to the fireball.
She's, the, the.
Oh.
You guys got me, you got me.
It's like a game show.
Culture has become a game show.
There's a buzzer, and then I, yes, I hold,
holding her feet to the fire.
Well, it's been, it's been a lot of, of,
kind of spinning my wheels and trying to figure out
what's going on, really, and, and getting more comfortable
with the idea that, uh, trans isn't always,
uh, the, the, the, the very word trans implies a binary,
as, as I was taught to use it.
You're going from one thing to another.
I'm going from one thing to another.
I'm going from one side of the binary
to the other side of the binary.
And what I'm finding out is I've sort of been on this journey
and it's like, you know, I, I, I, I can like stop in,
where, where were we, uh, we were stopping in Kansas?
Yeah.
Omaha.
You're the Wichita.
Wichita.
Yeah.
I'm sort of in the Wichita of gender.
There's like, there's a fishing hole,
but also like, it's not mandatory.
Right.
And it's not necessarily, yeah.
It's not necessarily.
It's not why you're there.
Maybe I'm actually closer up to Calgary or something.
Yeah.
Seven gin and tonic at the hotel bar.
And then you go on the hike. Yes.
Um.
Is that in your window?
It's not in your window.
There we go.
Are there any Banff stories here?
I always like, when I go to like a hotel, I'm like,
oh, you're, you're staying in Dubai.
I've never been in Dubai.
But, uh, like, but it's like, oh, you're in this way.
And then like, but it really like, if the hotel is like,
oh, is there a place where I could just have a drink,
like in the lobby, like, and do you have to feel bad?
Like, because there's always like a thing in the,
in the foyer that says like, you should go to the wonder spot.
And while you're here, don't forget to tour Al Capone's
Canyon and, and all this stuff.
And you're like, kind of like,
This is exactly like gender.
Yes.
This is, I'm reading it.
Go, go, go.
Well, there's a certain amount of shame to like,
like, like, like as a Western culture,
like it's kind of like, make up your mind.
You know, what are you doing here?
It's exact.
I mean, that is, I mean, really a lot of the last year
has actually just been trying to understand,
trying to redefine what exactly gender is.
Getting to a point of,
enough comfort that I can sort of step,
and it is comfort and it's a little bit of privilege
to have that comfort,
but to be able to sort of step-
Boom, privilege.
Bob, privilege.
Well, yeah.
Wait.
Oh, privilege to be transgender.
Yeah.
Transgender privilege.
Or to be just non-binary gender.
They all, and-
Boom, yeah.
New terms and new, new three-letter acronym.
Boo to yay or booing.
Booing, yay, or brewing.
Brewing?
Boo, boo, yay, booze.
I'm booing the binary.
Boo, boo.
To the binary.
Well.
Sure.
Do you have the fart?
I know, I'm not, it would be a bad time to play, I don't think.
Or really, once I saw you feeling like your gender,
I was like, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
Continue.
Where was I now?
Yeah, no, it's figuring out about culture,
the very idea of gender is,
we've talked about this before,
it's an emergent thing.
It's something that really exists
within some sort of a matrix, some sort of a culture.
And it's manifesting something physical.
The fact that we have done,
that there's a binary on the sexual,
there's a binary on this does that to that,
and out comes that.
Trying to always overlay that in some sort of comfort,
in some sort of power structure,
and let's simplify things,
well that does that,
so we're gonna call those those people,
and they tend to do that sort of thing.
Just stepping back from all of that,
and saying it doesn't have to be that way,
but it's going to be a pain,
because it's going to be getting outside of the system,
it's gonna be getting outside of it,
it's gonna cause more energy.
You never get to feel like the good person,
like the hero of the story,
when you're disrupting.
Like not, there's a very few circumstances where that's,
and we see everybody flock to that,
when it's a matter of everybody just getting behind something,
and hashtagging something, it's like, oh it's fun,
like why not, there's a tree there,
like it's standing, why shouldn't it be knocked over?
Like, oh I-
Hey, remember when I said we had very little time left?
But he said that we, it wasn't quite as hard of an out.
Yeah, he did say that, yeah.
He did say that.
Would you characterize Spencer what you're doing right now
as transphobic?
Yes.
And it's time to transform this phobic
into the end of the show.
I'm Barclay Plein, NPR News.
All right.
Woo!
That's been our show everybody!
Thank you to Marley, thank you to Stephanie,
thank you to Jared, thank you to Alex,
I'm so sorry to Jane.
I really, I don't know, they're flashing lights at me,
I'm so sorry.
Thanks for everyone's comfort,
Harmontown, Harmontown's out of session!
Drive fast, take chances!
Thank you so much!
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!